 <h1>
  Termly General Meeting, Trinity 2003
 </h1>
 <p>
  The meeting was held in Magdalen College, Lecture Room A, on the 12th June 2003. It was opened at 7:13pm by an out of breath Will Whistler, who hadn't forgotten about it—honest. With 14 members in attendence, including
 </p>
 <ul>
  <li>
   Will Whistler (WW), President
  </li>
  <li>
   Ian Lynagh (IL), Secretary
  </li>
  <li>
   Richard Devenport (RD), Treasurer
  </li>
  <li>
   Dominic Hargreaves (DH), SAC,
  </li>
 </ul>
 <p>
  it was declared quorate.
 </p>
 <h2>
  Apologies
 </h2>
 <p>
  WW apologised for being late and Amanda Kerr-Munslow apologised for never being here again. WW asked if anyone had actually sent apologies for not turning up and silence descended.
 </p>
 <h2>
  Minutes of last meeting
 </h2>
 <p>
  It was noted that the "Matters Arising" section should be reinstated. Ganesh Sittampalam said all of the t-shirt production details and designs were now where they should be except for the disk which is still in the care of Shirtworks.
 </p>
 <p>
  He further noted that only one request for a t-shirt had been e-mailed.
 </p>
 <p>
  WW proposd a motion accepting the minutes with RD seconded. It was passed unanimously.
 </p>
 <p>
  Tristam Fenton-May then arrived and apologised for being late. His apology was not accepted as the apologies section had finished, but it was noted that he could belatedly apologise at the next meeting.
 </p>
 <h2>
  Officers' reports
 </h2>
 <h3>
  President's report
 </h3>
 <p>
  WW begun by explaining how James Green had withdrawn from his course, thus rendering him unable to continue in his role as president. As such WW was appointed as a temporary replacement for James Green, and IL as a temporary replacement for WW as secretary, in a telephonic meeting.
 </p>
 <p>
  He went on to note that we had had some good events this past term, especially the Apple related ones and those from our own John Swinbank and Ganesh Sittampalam.
 </p>
 <p>
  He assured us that he was looking forward to Michaelmas.
 </p>
 <h3>
  Secretary's report
 </h3>
 <p>
  IL reported that we had gained 1 new member in the last term.
 </p>
 <h3>
  Treasurer's report
 </h3>
 <p>
  RD told us that Black Cat Networks had once again generously donated £50 which meant we had made a profit for the term.
 </p>
 <h3>
  System Administration Co-ordinator's report
 </h3>
 <p>
  DH said that nothing had broken this term except the newly donated dual PPro machine which was intended to become the new default user box. Unfortunately something else seemed to break on it each time it was turned on, so the new plan was to give up on the machine and use its disks elsewhere on the network.
 </p>
 <p>
  He also noted that Alexander Frolkin, and possibly James Green, had done some sysadmining.
 </p>
 <h2>
  Elections
 </h2>
 <p>
  RD proposed WW for president, seconded by IL. There were no other nominations and the vote was unanimously in favour.
 </p>
 <p>
  WW proposed IL for secretary, seconded by David Ford. There were no other nominations and the vote was unanimously in favour.
 </p>
 <h2>
  Motions
 </h2>
 <h3>
  Constitutional Amendment
 </h3>
 <h4>
  Text of motion
 </h4>
 <ul>
  <li>
   Amend 4.1 to read:
  </li>
 </ul>
 <p>
  There shall be 3 forms of membership of the Society: Ordinary Membership, Associate Membership and External Society Membership.
 </p>
 <ul>
  <li>
   Amend 4.3 to read:
  </li>
 </ul>
 <p>
  Associate members are those individual members who are not Matriculated Members of the University of Oxford. Associate Members may attend meetings but may not be elected to the Society Committee, nor may they vote at general meetings. The membership fee for Associate Members shall be fixed by the Committee. Associate Members shall be proposed by a Member of the Society. The total number of Associate Members shall not exceed one-fifth of the total membership.
 </p>
 <ul>
  <li>
   Insert after 4.3, to form 4.4:
  </li>
 </ul>
 <p>
  External Society members are Groups or Societies that are registered with the Proctors of Oxford University who wish to become affiliated with CompSoc. They may nominate a certain number of named members, (the number to be agreed between the societies annually, and changes in the list of names to be notified to Compsoc before the term in which it is to take effect, or by mutual agreement) who may attend meetings, but may not be elected to the Society Committee nor may they vote at general meetings (unless otherwise entitled to do so.) The membership fee is payable annually, and is to be fixed by the committee upon consultation with the society in question. The membership fee may vary from society to society at the discretion of the committee. External Society Members, if so desired, shall be permitted access to the Society Network.
 </p>
 <ul>
  <li>
   <p>
    Renumber 4.4 through 4.6 as appropriate.
   </p>
  </li>
  <li>
   <p>
    Insert after 5.3 to form 5.4:
   </p>
  </li>
 </ul>
 <p>
  An Extraordinary General Meeting may be called by the committee, giving at least 72 hours notice. The quorum for an Extraordinary General Meeting shall be the same as that for any other General Meeting.
 </p>
 <ul>
  <li>
   Renumber 5.4 as appropriate
  </li>
 </ul>
 <p>
  Proposed: Richard Devenport
  <br/>
  Seconded: Will Whistler
 </p>
 <h4>
  Discussion
 </h4>
 <p>
  All aspects of the motion were hotly debated, from the details of who could call an EGM when to the exact wording needed to give the desired effect unambiguously; even the issue of whether a period should follow a closing parenthesis or vice-versa was discussed at length.
 </p>
 <p>
  The major participants in the discussion were Tristam Fenton-May, Ganesh Sittampalam, Alasdair Kergon, RD and Amanda Kerr-Munslow, although the majority of attendees said something at some point in the discussions. During a debate about "full term days" versus "days of full term" Ganesh Sittampalam requested that "you're all idiots!" be minuted.
 </p>
 <h4>
  Revised text of motion
 </h4>
 <p>
  Ganesh Sittampalam produced a revised text based on the conclusion of the discussions.
 </p>
 <ul>
  <li>
   Amend 4.1 to read:
  </li>
 </ul>
 <p>
  "There shall be 3 forms of membership of the Society: Ordinary Membership, Associate Membership and Society Affiliate Membership."
 </p>
 <ul>
  <li>
   Amend 4.3 to read:
  </li>
 </ul>
 <p>
  "Associate members are those individual members who are not Matriculated Members of the University of Oxford. Associate Members may attend meetings but may not be elected to the Society Committee, nor may they vote at general meetings. The membership fee for Associate Members shall be fixed by the Committee. Associate Members shall be proposed by a Member of the Society. The total number of Associate Members shall not exceed one-fifth of the total membership."
 </p>
 <ul>
  <li>
   Insert after 4.3, to form 4.4:
  </li>
 </ul>
 <p>
  "Society Affiliate members are Groups or Societies that are registered with the Proctors of Oxford University who wish to become affiliated on an annual basis with CompSoc. They may nominate a certain number of named members, (the number to be agreed between the societies annually, and changes in the list of names to be notified to Compsoc before the term in which it is to take effect, or by mutual agreement). These individuals, subject to the agreement of the committee, may attend meetings, but may not be elected to the Society Committee nor may they vote at general meetings (unless otherwise entitled to do so). The membership fee may vary from society to society at the discretion of the committee and is payable annually.
 </p>
 <ul>
  <li>
   <p>
    Renumber 4.4 through 4.6 as appropriate.
   </p>
  </li>
  <li>
   <p>
    Insert after 5.3 to form 5.4:
   </p>
  </li>
 </ul>
 <p>
  "An Extraordinary General Meeting may be called by the committee, giving at least 72 hours notice. The quorum for an Extraordinary General Meeting shall be the same as that for any other General Meeting."
 </p>
 <ul>
  <li>
   Followed by this for 5.5:
  </li>
 </ul>
 <p>
  The committee may be compelled to call an Extraordinary General Meeting by a petition supported by the same number of people as would form a quorum at a general meeting. Such a meeting must be called for a time within 10 full term days after the recipt of such a petition by the committee. No member may support such a petition twice in one term.
 </p>
 <ul>
  <li>
   Renumber 5.4 as appropriate
  </li>
 </ul>
 <h4>
  Result
 </h4>
 <p>
  The revised text was accepted with 14 in favour and 1 abstention.
 </p>
 <p>
  The motion was accepted with 14 in favour and 1 abstention.
 </p>
 <h2>
  Any other business
 </h2>
 <p>
  Dan Kolb asked if we were still at war with OUSGG. Ganesh Sittampalam confirmed that we were.
 </p>
 <p>
  The meeting was closed at 8:03pm.
 </p>
 <h1>
  Download
 </h1>
 <p>
  These minutes are also available in
  <a href="info/minutes/tt03.ps">
   PS
  </a>
  and
  <a href="info/minutes/tt03.pdf">
   PDF
  </a>
  formats.
 </p>
