 <h1>
  Termly General Meeting, Trinity 2002
 </h1>
 <p>
  The meeting was held on 23rd May 2002 in the seminar room, Corpus Christi College. It was opened at 19:11 and, after some discussion regarding the accuracy of the clock and the people using the clock was declared quorate.
 </p>
 <p>
  Those present included:
 </p>
 <ul>
  <li>
   Dan Kolb (DK) (President)
  </li>
  <li>
   David Ford (DF) (Secretary)
  </li>
  <li>
   Ian Lynagh (IL) (Treasurer)
  </li>
  <li>
   Ganesh Sittampalam (GS) (Acting Treasurer)
  </li>
  <li>
   Dominic Hargreaves (SAC)
  </li>
 </ul>
 <h2>
  Apologies
 </h2>
 <p>
  David Sheldon (DS) apologised for wasting time earlier discussing the time, he also apologised on behalf of Tristam (TFM) for being on the phone.
 </p>
 <h2>
  Minutes of Last Meeting
 </h2>
 <p>
  No objections were made to the minutes of either the AGM or the EGM (both held last term).
 </p>
 <h2>
  Officers' Reports
 </h2>
 <h3>
  President's Report
 </h3>
 <p>
  DK informed the society that we had had a reasonable term catering for a range of interests. So far two external speakers have spoken, and additionally that Michael Meeks of the Gnome project would be speaking the following week. He strongly encouraged everybody to come along to this meeting.
 </p>
 <p>
  DK then went on the inform us that unfortunately, due the the examiners setting the wrong sort of questions, he will be unable to continue in his post as president. At this point, Tom Ford (TF) interrupted to suggest that we should pass a motion complaining at the examiners. GS and DK between them suggested that we ought to declare war on the examiners and reminded us that we are still officially at war with OUSGG. A long discussion regarding wars, and whether people notice they have finished ensued until DS suggested that this would be better dealt with as other business.
 </p>
 <h3>
  Secretary's Report
 </h3>
 <p>
  DF informed the society that we have unfortunately not gained any new members this term.
 </p>
 <h3>
  Treasurer's Report
 </h3>
 <p>
  GS informed us that we have received Â£50 in sponsorship from Black Cat Networks this term, and that he hopes to obtain a similar figure next term as well. GS also noted that all the society's income has been achieved by himself, and that (as is usually the case in Trinity Term) we have not spent very much, although some money will still be needed for food for the BBQ and for dinner next week.
 </p>
 <h3>
  System Administration Co-ordinator's Report
 </h3>
 <p>
  DH informed us that the new machine is now up and running and is acting as the web server. He also informed us of the outage earlier in the term due to a DNS failure which was entirely outside of the society's control. DH also mentioned the fact that Nutty has now been retired, due to the fact that nobody was using it, and it was too much effort to maintain an unused box.
 </p>
 <p>
  At this point Ganesh mentioned the DVD Drive, and it was explained that this had come from the machine donated by AMD, but that it was not very useful to have a DVD Drive in the server, so was to be auctioned to members to fund the purchase of RAM. Unfortunately nobody had bid for it, so GS suggested a number of options including re auctioning with a lower starting bid.
 </p>
 <p>
  at this point TF asked DF what the plan was for the AMD logo on the web site. DF remarked that as far as he was concerned, unless anybody had any objection, he thought it was best to leave it as it was, at least until the next redesign. It was agreed that the current text is appropriate and should be left.
 </p>
 <h3>
  Election of President
 </h3>
 <p>
  As DK had explained in his report, he was unable to continue in his role as President from next term. GS observed that there were four people present who were eligible for the role, and also that DF was prepared to take on the role of President and to allow somebody else to take on the Secretary's post if this would be useful. Unfortunately, nobody was prepared to be nominated. At about this point Tristam Fenton-May (TFM) walked into the room and he also refused to take on any role on committee. He remarked that he had intended to miss this section of the meeting by arriving late.
 </p>
 <p>
  TFM then observed that it was really important for the society to have good events next term and to attract more members. He observed that this meant people needed to help in doing this even if they were not prepared to go on committee. DS observed that the other option was to decide that Compsoc has had its day and to close down. GS stated that the society cannot operate without at least three matriculated resident members on committee, he also observed that the current committee had been around for too long, and that he thought it best to try and get some more first or second years onto committee. TFM argued that we were not yet at the stage for dissolving the society. There seemed to be general agreement with TFM on this point. TF suggested that whether or not a new secretary was appointed it would be a good plan to promote DF to President. JS said that he would be prepared to be put onto a proctors form as secretary, but wasn't sure how much time he would have given that he would be starting on his DPhil at this point.
 </p>
 <p>
  At this point GS nominated DF for the post of President (to be taken up when DK resigns), which was seconded simultaneously by both TF and DK. Voting was carried out at this point, the vote was carried with one abstention for TFM, on the grounds that he wanted DK to be President.
 </p>
 <p>
  At this point, John Swinbank (JS) was nominated for the post of Secretary by DK. TF seconded his nomination, this was carried unanimously, TFM stating that he did not need to abstain, since the post of Secretary was now vacant.
 </p>
 <p>
  DS then asked DF when he would be resigning as Secretary. DF said that he would have to do it immediately before taking on the role of President, since you cannot be two roles at once, and the society must comply with the regulations.
 </p>
 <p>
  DS remarked that Compsoc elections used to be contested, this led to a discussion regarding when secret ballots by single non-transferable votes have been used in Compsoc elections.
 </p>
 <h2>
  Motions
 </h2>
 <p>
  No motions were received.
 </p>
 <h2>
  Any Other Business
 </h2>
 <p>
  DF suggested thanking GS for the hard work he has put in to running the society this term (above and beyond his role as acting treasurer). DK extended this to the entire committee for doing their work this term. DK also added that he thanked IL for being.
 </p>
 <p>
  The meeting was closed at 19:38, where it started with a discussion about whether it really was 19:38 or 19:39.
 </p>
