 <h1>
  Termly General Meeting, Hilary 2004
 </h1>
 <p>
  The meeting was held in Trinity College, Arts Room, on the 17th February 2004. It was opened at 7:12pm. With 14 members in attendance, including
 </p>
 <ul>
  <li>
   Will Whistler (WW), President
  </li>
  <li>
   Ian Lynagh (IL), Secretary
  </li>
  <li>
   Ganesh Sittampalam (GS), Sysadmin
  </li>
  <li>
   Dominic Hargreaves (DH), Sysadmin
  </li>
 </ul>
 <p>
  it was declared quorate. The number of members present peaked at 15.
 </p>
 <h2>
  Apologies for absence
 </h2>
 <p>
  Richard Devenport and Alexander Frolkin had given apologies in advance. Dan Kolb was reported to be on his way.
 </p>
 <h2>
  Minutes of last meeting
 </h2>
 <p>
  The minutes of the last meeting were accepted unanimously.
 </p>
 <h2>
  Matters arising
 </h2>
 <p>
  It was decided that WWW should be given an honorary middle `W' initial.
 </p>
 <p>
  WWW reported that some chocolates had been bought for Alastair Johnson, at a cost of £13.
 </p>
 <p>
  GS informed us that plans for a `Smart Dinner' were still under way.
 </p>
 <h2>
  Officers' reports
 </h2>
 <h3>
  President's report
 </h3>
 <p>
  WWW told us that we had had a slow start to the term, but that we had had some good events already and there were more still to come in the term. At this point he noticed a Microsoft pen was being used to make the minutes; there was some worry as to what action could be taken in the event of it crashing, but luckily this proved not to be an issue.
 </p>
 <p>
  He listed talks by Compuware, Project Hurricane (closely tied to Microsoft) and himself as among the good events coming up, as well as highlighting good talks earlier in the term such as IBM on Eclipse.
 </p>
 <p>
  He finished up by informing us that the new machine, to be called `clippy', had arrived, and that it was nice and black. And nice.
 </p>
 <h3>
  Secretary's report
 </h3>
 <p>
  IL reported that he had little to report, as was to be expected. The only action of the term was the committee agreeing to let a member who had joined the previous term to extend his membership to life for the difference in cost between the two forms.
 </p>
 <h3>
  Treasurer's report
 </h3>
 <p>
  WWW reported (on behalf of Richard Devenport) that we had gained £5 from the aforementioned membership upgrade, spent £23 on a speaker meal, £30 on pizza for the end of term party and £13 on chocolates for Alastair Johnson, as mentioned earlier.
 </p>
 <h3>
  System Administration Co-ordinator's report
 </h3>
 <p>
  On behalf of Alexander Frolkin, DH reported that the new firewall had been installed and we now had a new network layout. Debian had been installed on spiffy, and adding the new machine to the network was being sorted out.
 </p>
 <p>
  GS asked about plans for the new machines, and WWW said that users will possibly be able to access it via a VPN, but that remote desktop already worked well. There was some discussion about keymap issues. WWW said the machine would be in place and operational before the end of term.
 </p>
 <h2>
  Election of Officers
 </h2>
 <p>
  Before the nominations began, WWW said he would be willing to lend a hand to the new committee.
 </p>
 <h3>
  President
 </h3>
 <p>
  WWW nominated Joe Mathewson, and GS seconded him. Joe explained that he had had some experience of running a computer society from school, and that he had experience of both Linux and Windows programming, so would try to provide good balance to the society. Alex Page asked if he would make sure we got termcards, and WWW said those on the list to get termcards ought to have this term's by now.
 </p>
 <p>
  He was accepted unanimously.
 </p>
 <h3>
  Secretary
 </h3>
 <p>
  WWW nominated Magnus Myreen, and DH seconded him. Magnus said he was good at being organised and would make sure we got termcards.
 </p>
 <p>
  He was accepted unanimously.
 </p>
 <h3>
  Treasurer
 </h3>
 <p>
  WWW nominated David Musgrave, and David Ford seconded him. David Musgrave said he likes money and that he does maths.
 </p>
 <p>
  He was accepted unanimously.
 </p>
 <h2>
  Motions
 </h2>
 <h3>
  Thanks
 </h3>
 <p>
  The committee would like to thank all those who have helped with the running of the Society over the last year. In particular, thanks to:
 </p>
 <ul>
  <li>
   Alastair Johnson, for his continued hosting of most of the Compsoc machines and his booking rooms in Trinity for our events.
  </li>
  <li>
   Steve Clarke and Energis Squared for hosting sparky at their facility in Leeds.
  </li>
 </ul>
 <p>
  Proposed: The Committee
 </p>
 <h4>
  Result
 </h4>
 <p>
  The motion was accepted unanimously.
 </p>
 <h2>
  Any other business
 </h2>
 <p>
  Alex Page said he would also like to thank the above people. GS pointed out that the entire society is, so he is doing so whether he wants to or not.
 </p>
 <p>
  GS apologised for the dinner not having been sorted out yet, but promised it would happen next term. He also asked if anyone would be interested in lending a hand.
 </p>
 <p>
  David Ford asked what the situation was with AISoc. WWW reported that he is in touch with them and that he was going to the AISoc AGM to discuss it further.
 </p>
 <p>
  Alex Page suggested that more film and beer events would be good. He also said he would forward details about a possible talk on IPv6.
 </p>
 <p>
  A talk on the new machine and its services was also suggested.
 </p>
 <p>
  Finally, it was pointed out that Laserquest had been forgotten.
 </p>
 <p>
  The meeting was closed at 7:44pm.
 </p>
 <h1>
  Download
 </h1>
 <p>
  These minutes are also available in
  <a href="info/minutes/ht04.ps">
   PS
  </a>
  and
  <a href="info/minutes/ht04.pdf">
   PDF
  </a>
  formats.
 </p>
