 <h1>
  Termly General Meeting, Michaelmas 2002
 </h1>
 <p>
  The meeting was help on 28th November 2002. It was opened at 19:17 in Magdalen College.
 </p>
 <p>
  Those present included:
 </p>
 <ul>
  <li>
   David Ford (DF), President
  </li>
  <li>
   John Swinbank (JS), Secretary
  </li>
  <li>
   Ian Lynagh (IL), Treasurer
  </li>
  <li>
   Ganesh Sittampalam (GS), Emergency Spare
  </li>
  <li>
   Dominic Hargreaves (DH), SAC,
  </li>
 </ul>
 <h2>
  Apologies
 </h2>
 <p>
  DF apologised for his poor spelling in the minutes of the last meeting.
 </p>
 <p>
  GS apologised on behalf of the first years for not turning up.
 </p>
 <h2>
  Minutes of last meeting
 </h2>
 <p>
  The minutes of the last meeting were accepted, although the spelling was roundly (and justifiably!) criticised.
 </p>
 <h2>
  Matters arising
 </h2>
 <p>
  There were no matters arising.
 </p>
 <h2>
  Officers' reports
 </h2>
 <h3>
  President's report
 </h3>
 <p>
  DF said that this term had been 'ok'. There has been an unusually large number of speakers pulling out or rearranging their talks. It has also been difficult to ensure we have venues for all the events due to the fire strikes.
 </p>
 <h3>
  Secretary's report
 </h3>
 <p>
  JS said we had gained ten new members this term, which is on the disappointing side of average. He had nothing else to report.
 </p>
 <h3>
  Treasurer's report
 </h3>
 <p>
  IL report sponsorship of Â£50 for the termcard from Black Cat Networks.
 </p>
 <p>
  Due to various complaints about Barclays, IL reported that he intends to change bank accounts. It was mentioned that the other societies have also had problems with them, and found more success with Nationwide.
 </p>
 <p>
  DH pointed out that a memory purchase had been incorrectly listed in the accounts.
 </p>
 <h3>
  Emergency Spare's Report
 </h3>
 <p>
  GS reported that the cost of the t-shirts can be split into two parts: a set-up cost and a per-shirt cost. The set-up cost has been split between the current orders: it has been completely paid for. There is none left for future shirt sales to cover. Future committees should make t-shirts regularly to ensure that set-up costs do not recur. GS promised to keep good records of the t-shirt ordering process for his successor.
 </p>
 <h3>
  System Administration Co-ordinator's report
 </h3>
 <p>
  DH reported that all of our new members have been given network accounts. In order to encourage them to make use of this facility, we are planning a hands-on introduction to the network next term.
 </p>
 <p>
  The Institute of Molecular Medicine has given us a machine. This has a RAID array and should be very useful, although it's not exactly clear what for yet! It's a dual Pentium Pro with 50 GB SCSI RAID and 512 MB of RAM.
 </p>
 <p>
  DH was pleased to report no breakages this term!
 </p>
 <h2>
  Discussion: Compsoc Organisation
 </h2>
 <p>
  GS opened this discussion by explaining our problem. Currently, it's expected that most of our committee members are in their second to third years; they should have more time, as there have been no exams at the end of the second year. However, as more and more subjects are introducing second year exams, this model is broken. The idea is to encourage more people to join a bigger committee and hence lighten the load. GS said the idea of this discussion was not to force a future change in organisation, but that we should be flexible and open for discussion.
 </p>
 <p>
  There were various suggestions of possible strategies. GS suggested that freshers should be encouraged to join the committee, but not to do much in Trinity term. Amanda Kerr-Munslow suggested that the committee should last for four terms, with two committees overlapping in Trinity term. GS said that future committees should be encouraged to co-opt people; this should not require constitutional changes.
 </p>
 <p>
  GS pointed out that there is a mailing list for all those interested in Compsoc organisation; please ask to join @F { compsoc@ } if you would like to take part.
 </p>
 <h2>
  Motions
 </h2>
 <h3>
  Thanks
 </h3>
 <h4>
  Text of motion
 </h4>
 <p>
  The committee would like to thank all those who have helped with the running of the society this term. In particular, thanks to:
 </p>
 <ul>
  <li>
   Alastair Johnson, for his continued hosting of most of the Compsoc machines and booking rooms in Trinity for our events.
  </li>
  <li>
   Tristam Fenton-May, for providing us with a venue for next week's Christmas Party.
  </li>
  <li>
   Laura Dawes, for the revamped Compsoc logo which has (so far) been used on t-shirts, posters and this agenda.
  </li>
  <li>
   Arthur Bullard, for providing the artwork used on the back of the t-shirts.
  </li>
 </ul>
 <p>
  Proposed: The Committee
 </p>
 <h4>
  Result
 </h4>
 <p>
  GS demonstrated the t-shirts and pointed out that we have a high-resolution Photoshop version of the new logo. Amanda Kerr-Munslow proposed a friendly amendment to thank the committee as well; this was seconded by Geoffrey White and accepted.
 </p>
 <p>
  There were no objections to the motion, which was therefore passed.
 </p>
 <h2>
  Any other business
 </h2>
 <p>
  Tristam Fenton-May trued to think of ways to abuse friendly amendments.
 </p>
 <p>
  There being no other business, the meeting was closed at 19:45.
 </p>
