 <h1>
  Termly General Meeting, Michaelmas 2001
 </h1>
 <p>
  The meeting was held on 22nd November 2001. In a change to the advertised programme, it was held in the Computing Laboratory. It was not officially opened, but began around 19:20.
 </p>
 <p>
  Those present included:
 </p>
 <ul>
  <li>
   Tom Ford (TF) (President)
  </li>
  <li>
   John Swinbank (JS) (Secretary)
  </li>
  <li>
   Tristam Fenton-May (TFM) (Treasurer)
  </li>
  <li>
   Ian Lynagh (IL) (SAC)
  </li>
 </ul>
 <h2>
  1. Apologies
 </h2>
 <p>
  TFM apologised for the last minute change in the meeting venue. Apparently there had been some confusion among the porters at Keble over the room booking.
 </p>
 <p>
  Dan Kolb apologised for not getting us a room at Corpus Christi.
 </p>
 <h2>
  2. Minutes of Last Meeting
 </h2>
 <p>
  There were no objections to the minutes of the last meeting.
 </p>
 <h2>
  3. Matters Arising
 </h2>
 <p>
  JS confirmed that the Hilary 2001 minutes on the website had been changed to take account of the corrections made at the Trinity 2001 meeting.
 </p>
 <p>
  The committee asked Dr Singleton about the possibility of him becoming our new senior member. He declined, but suggested that Dr Stephen Blundell, also of the Physics department, might be willing to take on the role. The committee plan to approach Dr Blundell, and, if he is unwilling, to look for a member of the Computing Laboratory staff.
 </p>
 <h2>
  4. Officers' Reports
 </h2>
 <h3>
  President's Report
 </h3>
 <p>
  TF noted that we had held some very successful events this term, often drawing a reasonably high turnout. Furthermore, many of the speakers had bought dinner for the committee, which made us happy.
 </p>
 <p>
  However, the attendance at certain events — notably the talk by DecisionSoft — was very poor. This is despite a more aggressive marketing campaign undertaken this term, which included posters in colleges. These posters seem to have had very little effect.
 </p>
 <p>
  Next term, it has been suggested that we should mail out termcard to all Computer Scientists. Dan Kolb suggested that this should be extended to also cover Physicists; Alasdair Kergon pointed out that there may be a new Physics announcement system, based on e-mail messages, which would be ideal for this purpose.
 </p>
 <p>
  It is possible that AMD will give us a new machine, although this hasn't been confirmed. They provided substantial sponsorship towards the UKUUG summer Linux conference.
 </p>
 <p>
  It is a priority for old members to have their accounts on the Compsoc network moved to our machine in Leeds as soon as possible.
 </p>
 <h3>
  Secretary's Report
 </h3>
 <p>
  JS said we had gained fifteen new members this term.
 </p>
 <p>
  JS plans to redevelop the Society website over the Christmas vacation. Ease of maintenance, ease of navigation and compliance with World Wide Web Consortium standards will be a priority.
 </p>
 <h3>
  Treasurer's Report
 </h3>
 <p>
  TFM announced that we had some money. This is good. It would have been better if he knew exactly how much money, but we can't have everything. At the beginning of term we had £374. Most of the meals with speakers have been bought by the speakers, so we have not spent much there. We have spent around £50 on expenses including Freshers' Drinks and buying paper.
 </p>
 <p>
  TFM estimates that we're on target for the rest of the year if we continue spending at about the same rate.
 </p>
 <h3>
  System Administration Co-ordinator's Report
 </h3>
 <p>
  IL said he had nothing major to report.
 </p>
 <p>
  Two new machines have been donated recently: Magdalen College donated a 75 MHz Pentium, while Lory Rice of Theoretical Physics donated an SGI Indy.
 </p>
 <p>
  There had been a major power cut for eight hours at Trinity College. All the Compsoc machines housed there lost power. In an unrelated incident on the same day, Sparky, our machine in Leeds, fell over with 504 days uptime.
 </p>
 <h2>
  Motions
 </h2>
 <p>
  No motions were received.
 </p>
 <h2>
  Any Other Business
 </h2>
 <h3>
  Marketing
 </h3>
 <p>
  TF said that we had been successful in raising attendance at meetings by putting up posters in the Comlab lecture theatre. This raised £6 in non-members attendance fees at the Microsoft talk. He wondered if we could persuade lecturers in Comlab to announce our meetings in their lectures. Ganesh Sittampalam pointed out that, while this might persuade more people to come to a given meeting, they would probably have no interest in becoming members. TF thought that they would, at least, make our attendances look less embarrassing.
 </p>
 <p>
  David Sheldon suggested offering free wine at our meetings. This, apparently, is what the Science Society do. However, this would be expensive, and we would rather people came to our meetings because they were interested in the meeting rather than the free alcohol.
 </p>
 <p>
  Andrew Jackson said that our position at Freshers' Fair makes a big difference. However, there's not a lot we can do about this. It would be nice to have a machine running on the Freshers' Fair stall, but we have no power at the Fair.
 </p>
 <h3>
  Thanks
 </h3>
 <p>
  TF thanked all the volunteers who helped at Freshers' Fair.
 </p>
 <h1>
  Download
 </h1>
 <p>
  <a href="info/minutes/mt01.pdf">
   Download
  </a>
  these minutes in PDF format (44 kB).
 </p>
