 <h1>
  Termly General Meeting, Michaelmas 2003
 </h1>
 <p>
  The meeting was held in Magdalen College, Old Law Library, on the 27th November 2003. It was opened at 7:15pm. With 16 members in attendance, including
 </p>
 <ul>
  <li>
   Will Whistler (WW), President
  </li>
  <li>
   Ian Lynagh (IL), Secretary
  </li>
  <li>
   Richard Devenport (RD), Treasurer
  </li>
  <li>
   Alex Frolkin (AF), SAC,
  </li>
 </ul>
 <p>
  it was declared quorate. The number of members present peaked at 18.
 </p>
 <h2>
  Apologies for absence
 </h2>
 <p>
  Amanda Kerr-Munslow had e-mailed the committee to apologise for her absence.
 </p>
 <h2>
  Minutes of last meeting
 </h2>
 <p>
  WW proposed we accept the minutes, modulo one typo, despite a comment that they were too long. RD seconded this and it was passed unanimously.
 </p>
 <h2>
  Matters arising
 </h2>
 <p>
  Ganesh Sittampalam reported that he'll do a T-shirt order next term. The fresher representatives, when polled regarding the design, exclaimed "Fantastic!" and demanded to be told how they could get one.
 </p>
 <h2>
  Officers' reports
 </h2>
 <h3>
  President's report
 </h3>
 <p>
  WW reported that we had had a good term with good events. Recruitment had gone well, he continued, with, he believed, the most new members of the millennium, and we will also be being donated a computer by Microsoft. He concluded by telling us we had some good events to look forward to next term, hopefully including big names like HP and Compuware.
 </p>
 <h3>
  Secretary's report
 </h3>
 <p>
  IL confirmed WW's belief that the 17 new members this term, of which 3 were for one year only, brings the total for this calendar year up to the highest of the millennium.
 </p>
 <h3>
  Treasurer's report
 </h3>
 <p>
  RD informed us that the accounts were looking rosy, with almost £300 coming in and only £64.58 going out leaving us with a net gain of £234.50.
 </p>
 <h3>
  System Administration Co-ordinator's report
 </h3>
 <p>
  AF told us that we have a new firewall which will have taken over fishy's duties by the end of 9th week, and spiffy would be reinstalled in the same timeframe with sparky to follow ``sometime''. Ganesh informed those present of the roles of the machines and why, due to being in Leeds, a sparky reinstall is harder. TFM raised the possibility of a remote reinstall, but this was generally deemed to be not worth the potential downtime.
 </p>
 <p>
  Dominic Hargreaves added that scooby's disk had failed at the beginning of term, and the one donated by OURCs was found not to work. Fortunately a replacement was quickly found. IL reminded him that one of trotter's disks had also failed, and Dominic added that it had thus been taken out of service.
 </p>
 <h2>
  Black tie dinner discussion
 </h2>
 <p>
  Ganesh Sittampalam brought the newer members up to speed, telling them the society was believed to be 21 4 years ago and thus a BTD had happened. It was held in Linacre with approximately 50 people attending. Another, smaller, affair had happened 2 years ago in Balliol, with around 30 people. With this being the 25th year, it seemed time for another big one. He said he was willing to organise it.
 </p>
 <p>
  To maximise the number of old members who could return it was agreed it should be held on a Saturday if possible, although this would probably reduce the number of potential venues. Suggestions of good colleges to hold it were requested. Lincoln was suggested, although there were doubts over whether it would be possible to have it there on a Saturday. WW said he would investigate.
 </p>
 <p>
  David Sheldon said it hadn't been made clear the 21st was to be black tie until minutes before the event, and furthermore that the old members seemed to have preferred that it was only smart. Dan Kolb added that black tie wasn't very comfortable to travel in, and there was unanimous agreement that this one should be clearly advertised as smart only.
 </p>
 <p>
  Tristam Fenton-May mentioned that some colleges had the advantage that they would allow you to bring your own drinks. The possibility of subsidy was raised, but the consensus was that we should wait until we know costs.
 </p>
 <h2>
  Motions
 </h2>
 <h3>
  Constitutional Amendment
 </h3>
 <h4>
  Text of motion
 </h4>
 <ul>
  <li>
   Amend 3.1 to read:
  </li>
 </ul>
 <p>
  The Committee shall consist of between three and ten Members of the Society. In addition the Senior Member shall be an
  <em>
   ex officio
  </em>
  member of the committee. The committee shall be responsible for the running of the Society.
 </p>
 <ul>
  <li>
   Amend 3.4 to read:
  </li>
 </ul>
 <p>
  The Senior Member shall be a member of Congregation of the University of Oxford. His duties are to preserve the interests of Oxford University and to audit the Society's accounts at his discretion.
 </p>
 <p>
  Proposed: Ian Lynagh
  <br/>
  Seconded: Ganesh Sittampalam
 </p>
 <h4>
  Discussion
 </h4>
 <p>
  The current text was read out by WW. There was no further discussion.
 </p>
 <h4>
  Result
 </h4>
 <p>
  The motion was accepted unanimously.
 </p>
 <p>
  Matthew Westcott asked whether we actually had a senior member since there was talk of one retiring, and he was informed we had had a replacement for some time.
 </p>
 <h2>
  Any other business
 </h2>
 <p>
  David Sheldon suggested we get Alastair Johnson a gift for kindly hosting our machines in his office and generally being great. There was general agreement, and an upper limit of £20 was suggested. Suggestions for the gift included headphones, so he could try to drown out the machine noise, and chocolates.
 </p>
 <p>
  WW raised the possibility of a merger between us and AISoc. He reported that their committee didn't seem to be active, and there was no sign of any events forthcoming. Furthermore, they haven't been able to register as a student society this year. The benefits to us are that they have some interesting contacts, including some good crowd pullers, a reasonable number of members and money in the bank. A merger would reduce the committee pressure on both societies. Alasdair Kergon suggested we start with just joint events or a shared termcard and see how things work out. WW said he would get in contact with them.
 </p>
 <p>
  Alasdair Kergon suggested that we should find out what events freshers are interested in in order to encourage more of them to join and turn up to meetings. David Sheldon reminded us that a similar thing, a survey of members, had been carried out in 1998. The new members present were put on the spot, and said the events they would be interested in include
 </p>
 <ul>
  <li>
   PHP
  </li>
  <li>
   Programming tutorials
  </li>
  <li>
   ASP.NET
  </li>
  <li>
   Algorithms, e.g. sorting [would have Comp. Sci. course overlap]
  </li>
  <li>
   Crypto [Paul Leyland, Diffie if he is in the UK or Richard Brent?]
  </li>
  <li>
   Games [WW is planning to give a talk on finding cheats in games, Elixir Studios?]
  </li>
  <li>
   History of computing [tie up with a Bletchley Park trip?]
  </li>
  <li>
   Photoshop filters
  </li>
 </ul>
 <p>
  Additionally WW told us he was trying to get talks from HP, Compuware, Intel and IBM. GCHQ was also suggested.
 </p>
 <p>
  WW moved the discussion along, explaining that Microsoft are donating us a machine. The idea is for us to try out Project Hurricane, an ``online portal''. Project Hurricane isn't a Microsoft project, although they now employee one of the three people who wrote it; rather, it is just a good example of a .NET application they are trying to push. He assured us he would be able to sort out any HTML and CSS validation issues. We would be required to give it a go for a year, and if it seemed to be getting no use then we could do something else with the machine instead.
 </p>
 <p>
  The machine will be a Dell SC server, roughly P4 2GHz, 512M RAM, 40 or 60G IDE disk. We would have any licences we needed for Windows 2003, VS.NET, terminal server etc. He said Alastair Johnson was happy to host it assuming it doesn't turn out to be in an abnormally large case.
 </p>
 <p>
  The issue of naming it was raised, with "clippy", "winney and "itlookslikeyouarewritingaletter" being suggested. No conclusion was reached.
 </p>
 <p>
  WW said he would join the sysadmin team and take on responsibility for the machine. He hoped some freshers would also come on board to help with stuff, and added Joe Mathewson had done similar stuff before. Joe confirmed this and gave a brief account of it.
 </p>
 <p>
  There was some discussion about whether Project Hurricane was database driven; the conclusion was it probably uses Microsoft SQL Server, but we'd get any licenses we need anyway.
 </p>
 <p>
  RD enquired about VS.NET licenses for members who aren't covered by virtue of doing a computer science course. WW said it would be good and that he would investigate the possibility. He concluded the discussion saying he hoped the machine would be in place by the 19th December when he goes home, and that it should be fully operational by next term.
 </p>
 <p>
  The meeting was closed at 8:07pm.
 </p>
 <h1>
  Download
 </h1>
 <p>
  These minutes are also available in
  <a href="info/minutes/mt03.ps">
   PS
  </a>
  and
  <a href="info/minutes/mt03.pdf">
   PDF
  </a>
  formats.
 </p>
