[meta title="The History of CompSoc"]
The society was formed as the "St John's College Microcomputer Society"
(shortened, for obvious reasons, to Microsoc) in 1978 to provide an environment
for college members to discuss, use and build microcomputers. Originally, the
club used early home computer systems such as the Commodore Pet, the RML 308Z
and a home-built 6800 system.

In 1979, the club grew into the "Oxford University Microcomputer Society".
Membership increased to over 100, and the society now had access to five
machines which were used for a mixture of game playing and programming. Regular
speaker meetings were arranged, covering a variety of topics, including:

  * The Z80 instruction set
  * The application of microprocessors in the film making industry
  * Semiconductor and software processes
  * Pinball design geometry

The society benefited from good relations with computer manufacturers, leading
to lectures from Acorn and Research Machines. In 1980, the society's made its
first major purchase â€” an Acorn Atom, which was subsequently expanded and
improved by members. The club also bought and expanded a BBC Model B.

In 1985, the society gained a base in the newly installed Orion Computer Room
in the Nuclear and Astrophysics Laboratory (NAPL). However, the society's
membership and bank balance fell. The society recovered over the next couple of
years, organising trips to the Atari Computer Show and the Research Machines
Development Centre as well as holding a number of lectures.

The University's [VAX][] system enabled the society members to become familiar
with e-mail and multi user systems. Furthermore, the society's long term
relationship with Acorn paid off in 1992 when they donated an A3000 for general
use by members.

   [VAX]: http://www.oucs.ox.ac.uk/internal/history/images/vax11780.html

In 1993, Microsoc's home became the NeXT laboratory in the NAPL where it
promoted members' interests in e-mail, USENET, the world wide web and using the
internet as well as programming skills. The society organised weekly
information sessions, visits to computer manufactures and computer shows,
maintained a small library and sold reduced-price floppy disks to its members.

In Trinity term 1995, the society acquired a new hard disk drive. Major changes
were made to the constitution, with a change in name to the "Oxford University
Computer Society" (Compsoc) and an increasing emphasis on the internet.

In Trinity term 1996 the donation of a Digital [[Pentium
PC|network/machines/daffy]] by Progress Computer Systems sparked the creation
of the [[Compsoc Network|network]].  Two more computers were acquired, the plan
being to run Linux on them and connect them to the University Network. In
Michaelmas term of that year the society completed its change of direction with
an aim of giving members basic computer facilities as provided by OUCS and
colleges and an emphasis on regular speaker meetings, hands-on practical
sessions and social events.

In 1998 another machine was donated to the society by [DecisionSoft][] Ltd.
This initially ran Windows NT, but was later swapped with another of the
machines and became the main user box. In the same year, all the machines were
moved to [Trinity College][trinity], where space was kindly provided by
Alastair Johnson, the Trinity College Computing Officer. The society continued
to hold a busy calender of events each term.

   [DecisionSoft]: http://www.decisionsoft.com
   [trinity]: http://www.trinity.ox.ac.uk/

1999 saw a record intake of new members and the establishment of sponsorship
links with industry leading to the donation of a range of computer equipment by
Warburg Dillon Read. This included two Sun UltraSparc Enterprise 1 machines,
one of which is currently hosted by Planet (now [Energis Squared][29]) in Leeds
and provides the society with a base for running services outside the
limitations of the University network.

   [29]: http://www.energis-squared.net

The society was well prepared for the "millennium bug" and managed to keep all
its data intact. Hilary term 2000 saw the twenty first anniversary of the
society's formation, celebrated in style with a black tie dinner at Linacre
college.

2001 saw the reintroduction of more socially orientated hands-on events, as
well as a range of talks from major industry players such as [Microsoft][30],
[NVIDIA][31] and [AMD][32].

   [30]: http://www.microsoft.com/
   [31]: http://www.nvidia.com/
   [32]: http://www.amd.com/
