 <h1>
  Annual General Meeting, Hilary 2003
 </h1>
 <p>
  The meeting was held on 4th March 2003. It was opened at 19:10 in Magdalen College.
 </p>
 <p>
  Those present included:
 </p>
 <ul>
  <li>
   David Ford (TF) (President)
  </li>
  <li>
   John Swinbank (JS) (Secretary)
  </li>
  <li>
   Ian Lynagh (IL) (Treasurer)
  </li>
  <li>
   Ganesh Sittampalam (GS) (Emergency Spare)
  </li>
  <li>
   Dominic Hargreaves (DH) (SAC)
  </li>
 </ul>
 <h2>
  1. Apologies
 </h2>
 <p>
  No apologies were received.
 </p>
 <h2>
  2. Minutes of Last Meeting
 </h2>
 <p>
  Although the contents of the minutes were accepted, the pedants had a wonderful time finding all the trivial mistakes.
 </p>
 <h2>
  3. Matters Arising
 </h2>
 <p>
  GS promised that recors of the t-shirt production process would be available soon.
 </p>
 <p>
  The new Compsoc logo is currently being stored in GS's inbox; it should be given an official home on a Compsoc filesystem somewhere.
 </p>
 <h2>
  4. Officers' Reports
 </h2>
 <h3>
  President's Report
 </h3>
 <p>
  DF said that this term had been 'ok'. Again. A lot of potential speakers for this term fell through at the last minute; mayb of them may be prepared to come next term instead.
 </p>
 <h3>
  Secretary's Report
 </h3>
 <p>
  JS said we had gained one new member this term, for a total of thirteen over the course of the year.
 </p>
 <h3>
  Treasurer's Report
 </h3>
 <p>
  IL reported a loss of £75 over the course of the year, taking into account £100 of sponsorship. We currently have £475 in total. Tristam Fenton-May demonstrated his mathematical prowess by pointing out that, at this rate, we will run out of money in six years.
 </p>
 <h3>
  Emergency Spare's Report
 </h3>
 <p>
  GS said that no more orders have been taken for t-shirts: anybody wanting one should hassle him next term.
 </p>
 <h3>
  System Administration Co-ordinator's Report
 </h3>
 <p>
  DH reported that we have gained two new system administrators: James Green and Alexander Frolkin. Furthermore, nothing broke this term.
 </p>
 <h2>
  Election of Officers
 </h2>
 <h3>
  President
 </h3>
 <p>
  James Green was proposed by GS and seconded by DF. He was elected unanimously.
 </p>
 <h3>
  Secretary
 </h3>
 <p>
  William Whistler was proposed by Amanda Kerr-Munslow and seconded by James Green. He was elected unanimously.
 </p>
 <h3>
  Treasurer
 </h3>
 <p>
  Richard Devenport was proposed by William Whistler and seconded by James Green. He was elected unanimously.
 </p>
 <h2>
  Motions
 </h2>
 <h3>
  Thanks
 </h3>
 <h3>
  Text of motion
 </h3>
 <p>
  The committee would like to thank all those who have helped with the running of the Society over the last year. In particular, thanks to:
 </p>
 <ul>
  <li>
   Alastair Johnson, for his continued hosting of most of the Compsoc machines and his booking rooms in Trinity for our events.
  </li>
  <li>
   Steve Clarke and Energis Squared for hosting sparky at their facility in Leeds.
  </li>
 </ul>
 <p>
  <em>
   Proposed:
  </em>
  The Committee
 </p>
 <h3>
  Results
 </h3>
 <p>
  The motion was passed unanimously.
 </p>
 <h2>
  Any Other Business
 </h2>
 <h3>
  More Thanks
 </h3>
 <p>
  The following motion was submitted:
 </p>
 <h3>
  Text of Motion
 </h3>
 <p>
  The Society would like to thank John Swinbank and Dominic Hargreaves for doing almost all of the organisational work on the committee over the last two terms.
 </p>
 <p>
  <em>
   Proposed:
  </em>
  Ganesh Sittampalam
 </p>
 <blockquote>
  <p>
   <em>
    Seconded:
    <em>
     Ian Lynagh
    </em>
   </em>
  </p>
 </blockquote>
 <h3>
  Results
 </h3>
 <p>
  The motion was passed unanimously; DH and JS were thanked by DF.
 </p>
 <p>
  There being no other business, the meeting was closed at 19:21.
 </p>
