 <h1>
  Termly General Meeting, Michaelmas 2009
 </h1>
 <p>
  The meeting was held in the Lamb and Flag, St. Giles, on the 10th of March 2010. It was opened at 17:22, with 5 members in attendance:
 </p>
 <ul>
  <li>
   Adam Obeng (AO), Secretary
  </li>
  <li>
   Huw Pryce (HP), Secretary
  </li>
  <li>
   Dominic Hargreaves (DH), Senior Member
  </li>
  <li>
   Michael Howe, Systems Administration Co-ordinator
  </li>
  <li>
   Andrew Kravchenko
  </li>
 </ul>
 <h2>
  Apologies for absence
 </h2>
 <p>
  Alasdair Kergon and David North contacted DH to apologise for their absence.
 </p>
 <h2>
  Previous meeting's minutes
 </h2>
 <p>
  As two of the three attendees of the previous meeting were present, the minutes were deemed to be accepted.
 </p>
 <h2>
  Officers' reports
 </h2>
 <h3>
  Secretary's report
 </h3>
 <p>
  AO noted 1 new member.
 </p>
 <h3>
  Treasurer's report
 </h3>
 <p>
  HP reported that we now should have access to the Society's Nationwide bank account, although this has not been tested. Barclays have been contacts, but gave the impression that it would be difficult to prove to them who we are. They also indicated that we should call their main phone number, which HP judged would be expensive and impractical.
DH commented that Nationwide had also suggested calling their main number, but it was a dead end, there was no menu option to deal with reclaiming organisational accounts.
HP said he might try visting Barclays again.
AO suggested asking the Proctors and/or the Clubs Committee for advice.
HP was asked what the current contents of Barclays account was, and responded that it was about Â£150. No transactions have been carried out this term, but Jonathan Ville, the Society's President, is known to be owed an unspecified about for the organisation of the Freshers' Fair stall.
 </p>
 <h3>
  SAC's report (given by DH on behalf of David North)
 </h3>
 <p>
  The Society's machines are being quietly maintained. MH has been doing the same for salami.
 </p>
 <h2>
  Matters arising
 </h2>
 <h3>
  AO's report into reform of the Society
 </h3>
 <p>
  AO read the headlines from the
  <a href="./../Report_on_Constitutional_Reform/">
   Report on Constitutional Reform
  </a>
  .
MH remarked that we collect the end of course date so that we know when members stop being students. DH pointed out that dates of birth are probably collected for use as a security parameter, but he would prefere if they are not. 
DH was also concerned with the terms under which the Society could be dissolved, given that there are few current Ordinary Members.
DH said that the Society's name is fine, there is no need to change it from "Oxford University Computer Society" to "University of Oxford Computer Society". MH pointed out that other Societies have names including "Oxford University".
DH also said that the current aims of the Society are also fine, they include the outward-looking aspects that AO pointed out.
 </p>
 <p>
  DH also remarked that the Constitution does not describe adequately what the rights of Society members who have left the University are.
 </p>
 <p>
  AO concluded that the report will be published on the Society's website, and comments will be sought from Society memembers.
 </p>
 <h3>
  Election of new Committee
 </h3>
 <p>
  As there were no nominations, no election was conducted.
 </p>
 <p>
  AO suggested that advice of the Clubs Committee be sought in order to render the Society dormant.
HP was concerned that his name be taken off the bank accounts if this was to be done.
DH pointed out that the Society's network is an asset, and he wanted to know how it should be disposed of. MH was concerned whether CINet would continue to host stanley if the Society was dormant.
AO will contact the Clubs Committee for advice on these matters and report back.
 </p>
 <h2>
  Any other business
 </h2>
 <p>
  DH proposed that AO should be thanked for keeping the Society running to a certain extent this term, convening the AGM and reporting on the Constitution.
 </p>
 <p>
  The Committee wishes to thank to David North, Michael Howe, Dominic Hargreaves and CINet for their assitance.
 </p>
 <p>
  The meeting was closed at 1744.
 </p>
