 <h1>
  Termly General Meeting, Trinity 2012
 </h1>
 <p>
  Minutes for TGM on Wednesday 30th May 2012
 </p>
 <p>
  Present: Ben Gazzard, Pete Cawley, Pete York, Mike Savage, Sam Lanning, Kuba Warmuz, Sergiu
Vicol, Laura Bengescu, Matt Morse
 </p>
 <p>
  Meeting Opened: 19:16
 </p>
 <h2>
  New Committee Members
 </h2>
 <p>
  Pete introduces new committee members Kuba and Sergiu:
 </p>
 <p>
  Kuba: “Kuba”, officially Jakub, from Poland doing Computer Science (first year) and would love to
become the systems-admin-coordinator and if you have any motions / problems let me know. I have
experience doing sysadmin at my old school. Kuba was made SAC.
 </p>
 <p>
  Sergiu: Hi I'm Sergiu, and I was also the sysadmin at my school. Sergio was made social secretary.
Mike: “social secretary of CompSoc, what a title”
 </p>
 <h2>
  Treasurer's Report, Laura
 </h2>
 <p>
  So we had around £1400 at the beginning of term, and after the events this term we have around
£1000.
 </p>
 <h2>
  Secretary's Report, Sam
 </h2>
 <p>
  We have 8 new members this time, 5 of which are not yet officially members as they still need to
pay their membership fee.
 </p>
 <h2>
  President's Report, Pete
 </h2>
 <p>
  It was quite good the success of our events this term.
 </p>
 <p>
  Sam: Games nights were particularly successful.
 </p>
 <h2>
  Motions
 </h2>
 <p>
  Ben: I propose a motion to thank Dom for allowing us to use and for managing the VPS in OUCS
for our website. Pete seconds motion. No objections to motion
 </p>
 <p>
  Kuba: Mandate the VP to increase awareness of our IRC channel on oxnet. Pete seconds motion.
One vote against, mike: “I think that IRC is redundant, now that we have got Facebook and an event
page for communication”. 1 abstention, 7 votes for.
 </p>
 <p>
  Kuba: I propose a motion that someone updates the information and content on the website. Pete
again seconds the motion. No one opposes, motion passes.
 </p>
 <h2>
  Further Discussion
 </h2>
 <p>
  Kuba: CompSoc should organise a big CompSci meal for the entire department.
 </p>
 <p>
  Pete and Ben: Make the awareness of CompSoc a lot more prominent at the beginning of term,
maybe making announcements in lectures etc... Doing this for the freshers drinks and the CompSci
meal.
 </p>
 <p>
  Ben: Possibly go to the CompSci orienteering to recruit more members, but go as a committee
because one guy being “come along for some drinks!!!” may be a little weird.
 </p>
 <p>
  Mike: Do we actually have to go to these lectures and pay attention?
 </p>
 <p>
  Everyone else: No, we just go to the start and make an announcement.
 </p>
 <p>
  Ben: suggestion to have a cake meeting in the social area or somewhere else in the CompSci
building. Or for drinks or something.
 </p>
 <p>
  Kuba: It feels a little like the Computer Society of St. Catz. So more stuff needs to be more local.
Freshers drinks in the Atrium may be a good idea.
 </p>
 <p>
  Ben: Might want to try other colleges in Oxford to host events. Keble would be a very sensible idea
to host events.
 </p>
 <p>
  Membership Costs: Pete and Sam: We think we should keep the membership costs the same as we
get reasonable sponsorship money and we only really use it as a token to say that members are
interested.
 </p>
 <p>
  Potentially CompSoc cards and T-Shirts.
 </p>
 <p>
  For term cards, maybe double-sided A5 cards, with event info on one side and society info on the
other side.
 </p>
 <p>
  Potentially booklets though, with sponsors funding booklets with full page adverts.
 </p>
 <p>
  Also freshers fair stalls need to be sorted
 </p>
 <p>
  20:12 Meeting Adjourned
 </p>
