 <h1>
  Termly General Meeting, Michaelmas 2009
 </h1>
 <p>
  The meeting was held at the Lamb and Flag, St. Giles, on the 3rd of December 2009. It was opened at 19:19, with 3 members in attendance:
 </p>
 <ul>
  <li>
   Jonathan Ville (JV), President
  </li>
  <li>
   Adam Obeng (AO), Secretary
  </li>
  <li>
   Dominic Hargreaves (DH), Senior Member
  </li>
 </ul>
 <h2>
  Apologies for absence
 </h2>
 <p>
  Huw Pryce (Treasurer) e-mailed the committee to apologise for his absence.
 </p>
 <h2>
  Matters arising
 </h2>
 <p>
  DH mentioned that the Society's Nationwide bank account is being transferred to the current committiee's names [except AO for reasons of residence -AO]. At the time of the meetings, the only signatories were Dom and an ex-Committee members. Nationwide had not at the time processed a set of forms to make the change, new forms were sent to old members.
It was noted that AO, JV and Huw would have to meet in the next term or in the vacation to finalise the process.
 </p>
 <h2>
  Officers' reports
 </h2>
 <h3>
  Secretary's report
 </h3>
 <p>
  AO noted 3 new members.
 </p>
 <h3>
  President's report
 </h3>
 <p>
  JV reported that we had had good meetings during the term, especially a joint meeting with the Physics Society on careers in special effects.
 </p>
 <h2>
  Jobs mailing list discussion
 </h2>
 <p>
  AO noted that many jobs-related requests were being received, and asked whether it was appropriate to put them on the mailing list more-or-less untouched.
JV agreed.
 </p>
 <h2>
  Consultation process on the Society's aims and objectives
 </h2>
 <p>
  AO, noting the difficulty in attracting new members, proposed that the Society begin a process of consultations on its aims and objective.
DH noted that the Society's constituency is not just Computer Scientists.
JV pointed out that there were technical problems with the current constitution that should be addressed.
DH noted that the Society's events were either careers-oriented or a cross between academic and careers.
 </p>
 <h2>
  Any other business
 </h2>
 <p>
  The Committee wishes to thank to David North, Michael Howe, Dominic Hargreaves and CI-Net for their assistance over the course of the term.
 </p>
 <p>
  The meeting was closed at 19:38.
 </p>
